adding multistep API execution settings steps (#26373)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/multistep.md

   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

### Add execution settings

Under **Execution Settings**, the following options are available:

#### Step success:

> Click **If step succeeds, continue to next step** to allow your test to move on with subsequent steps after successful steps.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **If step succeeds, continue to next step** to let your test proceed with subsequent steps after successful steps.  
```

{{< img src="synthetics/multistep_tests/multistep_test_success.png" alt="Screenshot of execution settings showing step success options continue to next step" style="width:90%;" >}}

> Click **If step succeeds, exit test and mark it as passed** to exit the test after a successful step completion. This prevents running unnecessary steps and avoids marking the test as a failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **If step succeeds, exit test and mark it as passed** to exit the test after a successful step completion. This prevents running unnecessary steps and avoids marking the test as failed. 
```

{{< img src="synthetics/multistep_tests/multistep_execution_settings.png" alt="Screenshot of execution settings showing step success exit and mark as passed" style="width:90%;" >}}

#### Step failure

> Click **If step fails, continue to next step** to move on with subsequent steps after step failure. This can be useful for clean-up tasks when you want subsequent steps to proceed. For example, a test may create a resource, perform several actions on that resource, and end with the deletion of that resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **If step fails, continue to next step** to proceed with subsequent steps after step failure. This can be useful for clean-up tasks when you want subsequent steps to proceed. For example, a test may create a resource, perform several actions on that resource, and end with the deletion of that resource. 
```

   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

### Add execution settings

Under **Execution Settings**, the following options are available:

#### Step Success:

Click **If step succeeds, continue to next step** to allow your test to move on with subsequent steps after successful steps.  

{{< img src="synthetics/multistep_tests/multistep_test_success.png" alt="Screenshot of execution settings showing step success options continue to next step" style="width:90%;" >}}

> Click **If step succeeds, exit test and mark it as passed** to to exit the test after a successful step completion. This prevents running unnecessary steps and avoids marking the test as a failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **If step succeeds, exit test and mark it as passed** to exit the test after a successful step completion. This prevents running unnecessary steps and avoids marking the test as a failure. 
```

{{< img src="synthetics/multistep_tests/multistep_execution_settings.png" alt="Screenshot of execution settings showing step success exit and mark as passed " style="width:90%;" >}}

#### Step failure

> Click **If step fails, continue to next step** to  your test to move on with subsequent steps after step failure. This ensures your tests are able to clean up after themselves. For example, a test may create a resource, perform a number of actions on that resource, and end with the deletion of that resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **If step fails, continue to next step** to move on with subsequent steps after step failure. This ensures your tests can restore the environment. For example, a test may create a resource, perform a number of actions on that resource, and end with the deletion of that resource. 
```

Reviewer: revised "to your test to move" because of the number of "to"'s. 
a.k.a infinitive piling.
